hello to all of you i hope you
go well because I'm in shape
today and I'm in shape because
that I'm going to make a video for you
so this video is how to make a
tripod for an iphone or ipod touch
so a tripod what is it
first a tripod is not necessarily
the representation in the feet of
chair
but it's something that allows
when you put your iphone or ipod
it is stable and does not move
speaking to take a picture or a
video
so something that is him
allows to be stable so to have a
video quality very well so so we go
start with if you want to create a
tripod with the means of the edge without
spend too much money to buy
really very special things I'm going
you have you asked 20 you
take books
here you are piling them up
take more or less depending on the thing that
you want movie is so if you want
to shoot something very low very high
you take more or less books for
that's it to show you so we see the
arranged like that then we go
take for example I do not know if
you know that it's an antenna that
is usually provided with radios
Wake hi fi systems for TVs
with a lot of stuff you do not you
put in water like that
knowing that unfortunately I did
that an ipod touch I do not have a second
to show you so I'm going to show you
with my cellphone
so we have a cell phone we will
position there but it's exactly
same I tested that it's the same
with an iphone or an ipod so you
arranged here look well between
two normally it calms down alone
there is still a little forced but
it does not damage your device
so that's because to see so here
there he is stalled he is well he is ready
we can take videos
after you here if I had
unfortunately you do not have that or
then you want is not filmed from
good but you want movie is like that
vertically and will you take
I did not like to drink a glass of water
goblet like wanted a glass glass
this bottleneck and you position everything
simply your iphone or ipod in
and you can you all here you are
can access your keys
all this on the other hand if ever there is a
counterpoint you can add by
pencils I added you do with the
means of the board to make counterweight and
for easter that's rocking that's it
starts rocking page and this is my case
also that the hull is too much
great so here you can everything
just do like this so is
tuba here the video ends like that
here I explained to you roughly
how to make an iphone tripod or
ipod
I hope you enjoyed this video
wish you a good day go to
meet again